We're gonna build our first AMP,
project, this is a new exercise in
your exercises folder It's called AMP.
There's an AMP validator
that I can show you,
it'll ask you to paste in chunk of HTML.
So you're gonna go like view
source I'll just show it to you.
So you paste your HTML in here, thank you.
And it'll let you know any rules that you
break, you also get a lot of good feedback
in your developer console,
this is part of what the AMP runtime does.
It'll yell at you if you use any tags it
didn't like, so builds the AMP, app out.
I think the starting point
involves the same list of courses,
let me just double check.
It does but
you'll see that I've already included
like some of this AMP project stuff.
So there's a schema.org stuff.
Here's amp-boilerplate CSS up there, so
you don't have to go and fetch that.
But just see what you can do try to make
this reasonable, make something that you
can deploy to Heroku and
then also passes the AMP validator.